README.md, before:

# :printer: Prinft 

<div align=center>

  ![badge](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/angelamcosta/angelamcosta/main/42_badges/ft_printfe.png)

  [![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-c.svg)](https://forthebadge.com) [![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://forthebadge.com) [![anlima's 42 ft_printf Score](https://badge42.vercel.app/api/v2/cl9oe5ogt00110fm6h34z9iu9/project/2857118)](https://github.com/JaeSeoKim/badge42)

  <img alt="GitHub Language Count" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/angelamcosta/printf" /> <img alt="GitHub Top Language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/angelamcosta/printf" /> <img alt="GitHub Contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/angelamcosta/printf" /> <img alt="GitHub Last Commit" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/angelamcosta/printf" /> <a href="https://wakatime.com/badge/user/0c29d5b3-c30b-4e1a-ad07-2da3bd4f7e05/project/dbfed7e7-16e9-4b96-ac50-8046cf85956b"><img src="https://wakatime.com/badge/user/0c29d5b3-c30b-4e1a-ad07-2da3bd4f7e05/project/dbfed7e7-16e9-4b96-ac50-8046cf85956b.svg" alt="wakatime"></a>
</div>

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Mandatory part](#mandatory-part)
  - [Printf](#printf)
  - [Bonus part](#bonus-part)
- [Tasks](#tasks)

## Introduction

The aim of this project is to recode printf and learn how to use variadic arguments.

The subject of the project can be found in [this link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/angelamcosta/printf/main/en.subject.pdf).

## Mandatory part

### Printf

<details open>
<summary> Printf conversions </summary>

- :ballot_box_with_check: c
- :ballot_box_with_check: s
- :ballot_box_with_check: p
- :ballot_box_with_check: d
- :ballot_box_with_check: i
- :ballot_box_with_check: u
- :ballot_box_with_check: x
- :ballot_box_with_check: X
- :ballot_box_with_check: %

</details>

### Bonus part

<details open>
<summary> Bonus part </summary>

- Manage any combination of the following flags: ’-0.’ and minimum field width
with all conversions
- Manage all the following flags: ’# +’ (yes, one of them is a space)

</details>

## Tasks

- :ballot_box_with_check: Printf
- :white_large_square: Bonus Part

Commit message:

:memo: update readme
add link to printf's wiki

README.md, after:

# :printer: Prinft 

<div align=center>

  ![badge](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/angelamcosta/angelamcosta/main/42_badges/ft_printfe.png)

  [![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-c.svg)](https://forthebadge.com) [![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://forthebadge.com) [![anlima's 42 ft_printf Score](https://badge42.vercel.app/api/v2/cl9oe5ogt00110fm6h34z9iu9/project/2857118)](https://github.com/JaeSeoKim/badge42)

  <img alt="GitHub Language Count" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/angelamcosta/printf" /> <img alt="GitHub Top Language" src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/angelamcosta/printf" /> <img alt="GitHub Contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/angelamcosta/printf" /> <img alt="GitHub Last Commit" src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/angelamcosta/printf" /> <a href="https://wakatime.com/badge/user/0c29d5b3-c30b-4e1a-ad07-2da3bd4f7e05/project/dbfed7e7-16e9-4b96-ac50-8046cf85956b"><img src="https://wakatime.com/badge/user/0c29d5b3-c30b-4e1a-ad07-2da3bd4f7e05/project/dbfed7e7-16e9-4b96-ac50-8046cf85956b.svg" alt="wakatime"></a>
</div>

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Mandatory part](#mandatory-part)
  - [Printf](#printf)
  - [Bonus part](#bonus-part)
- [Tasks](#tasks)

## Introduction

The aim of this project is to recode printf and learn how to use variadic arguments.

The subject of the project can be found in [this link](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/angelamcosta/printf/main/en.subject.pdf).

You can also check out the [printf's wiki](https://github.com/angelamcosta/printf/wiki#printer-welcome-to-the-prinft-wiki) to help you understand what I did to solve this challenge.

## Mandatory part

### Printf

<details open>
<summary> Printf conversions </summary>

- :ballot_box_with_check: c
- :ballot_box_with_check: s
- :ballot_box_with_check: p
- :ballot_box_with_check: d
- :ballot_box_with_check: i
- :ballot_box_with_check: u
- :ballot_box_with_check: x
- :ballot_box_with_check: X
- :ballot_box_with_check: %

</details>

### Bonus part

<details open>
<summary> Bonus part </summary>

- Manage any combination of the following flags: ’-0.’ and minimum field width
with all conversions
- Manage all the following flags: ’# +’ (yes, one of them is a space)

</details>

## Tasks

- :ballot_box_with_check: Printf
- :white_large_square: Bonus Part
